AWS SCENARIO
J&C Enterprises have an ecommerce business. They recently hired you to work with the engineering team to build out a proof of concept for their business. To date, they have hosted their ecommerce business in an on-premises data centre, but they recently decided to move their operations to the cloud in an effort to save money and transform their business with a cloud-first approach. Most of their teams do not have any cloud experience.
Currently on premises they are running hundreds of servers and struggling to keep up with the amount of traffic on their websites when it is busy. Conversely when there is less traffic, they have a lot of idle servers. Of great concern to J&C is the fact that they only have one data centre which means that in the event of a disaster they would not only lose their systems but also their back up data that is stored on tape on premises. They have 3 tier architectures. 
On the backend they have some Oracle databases that are attached to tape backup devices. In the middle-tier they have some application servers that provide middleware services for security and state maintenance, along with data access and persistence. The middle section also contains network attached storage (NAS) which provide a centralized location for internal staff on the network to store, access, edit and share files.
The top tier consists of web servers that handle presentation logic that are accompanied by load balancers. Before deciding to migrate to the cloud J&C were considering installing Storage Area Networks (SAN) as a way of improving application availability and application performance. Even though J&C have decided to migrate to the cloud they want to maintain some of their infrastructure on site. They want a solution that allows them to connect their existing data centre to the cloud and migrate gradually and use the cloud to back up their tapes, block level storage and files. They would prefer to store their primary data on the cloud and retain frequently access data locally.
Your solution must be fast, durable, scalable and more cost effective than their existing on premises architecture.
